Object of the game

The object of Yahtzee is to obtain the highest score from throwing 5 dice.The game consists of 15 rounds. In each round, you roll the dice and then score the roll in one of 15 categories.
You must score once in each category. The score is determined by a different rule for each category.The game ends once all 15 categories have been scored.

Game Start

To start with, roll all the dice. After rolling you can either score the current roll (see below), or re-roll any or all of the dice.
You may only roll the dice a total of 3 times. You may score the dice at any point in the round, i.e. it doesn't have to be after the 3rd roll.

Scoring

Straight Mode: To score your combination of 5 dice you follow the categories in scoreboard chronologically. You start with ones and work yourself down, one category after another

Pick and Choose Mode: To score your combination of 5 dice, you click one of the 15 boxes. There are two sections to the score table - the Upper Section and the Lower Section.
Once a box has been scored, it cannot be scored again for the rest of the game, so choose wisely.

Upper Section Scoring

If you score in the upper section of the table, your score is the total of the specified die face.
So if you roll:
5 - 2 - 5 - 6 - 5 and score in the Fives category, your total for the category would be 15, because there are three fives, which are added together.
If the One, Three or Four Categories were selected for scoring with this roll, you would score a zero.
If placed in the Two or Six category, you would score 2 and 6 respectively.
Bonus If the total of Upper scores is 63 or more, add a bonus of 35. Note that 63 is the total of three each of 1s, 2s, 3s, 4s, 5s and 6s. 

Lower Section Scoring

In the lower scores, you score either a set amount, or zero if you don't satisfy the category requirements.
1 and 2 pairs - For 1 pair you must have a pair of dice with the same value, for 2 pairs you need two pairs with the same value
3 and 4 of a kind - For 3 of a kind you must have at least 3 of the same die faces. You score the total of all the dice. For 4 of a kind you would need 4 die faces the same.
Small and Large Straight - A Straight is a sequence of consecutive die faces, where a small straight is 4 consecutive faces, and a large straight 5 consecutive faces.
Small straights score 30 and a large straight score 40 points.
So if you rolled:
2 - 3 - 2 - 5 - 4, you could score 30 in small straight or 0 in large straight.
Full House - A Full House is where you have 3 of a kind and 2 of a kind. Full houses score 25 points.
Yahtzee - A Yahtzee is 5 of a kind and scores 50 points, although you may elect NOT to score it as a yahtzee, instead choosing to take it as a top row score and safegaurd your bonus.
Chance - In this category all the value of the dice are summed up and that is your score